At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.

A career at Rockstar Games is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding and ambitious projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a dedicated and inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.

Rockstar New York is on the lookout for talented C#/.NET Developers who consider software development to be a craft, and possess a passion for tackling complex problems at scale. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's studio in New York.

WHAT WE DO
We create connected experiences that are found across our game franchises.
We create online services for our games, including matchmaking, cloud saves, leaderboards, player inventory, player stats, bounties and more.
We improve existing features as well as architect new solutions to support the development of the Social Club community and website.
We create innovative in-game experiences, including user-generated content.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop high volume, highly scalable server-side features utilizing Windows Server, SQL server, IIS, .NET, and C#.
Develop web services supporting game console clients, browser clients, and external server clients.
Develop highly reliable distributed server systems.
Web performance optimization.
Collaboration with other Rockstar technology teams across our worldwide studios.
QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum 4+ years of experience developing scalable distributed systems. 
REQUIREMENTS
Expert in C# and/or C++.
Strong CS fundamentals, including excellent understanding of OO design patterns and concepts. 
Experience with API design and development.
Knowledge of web service scalability, performance, and security practices.
Database development experience (MSSQL).
Experience with source control, preferably Perforce. 
PLUSES
Please note that these are desirable skills and are not required to apply for the position.

Experience building online gaming systems, commerce systems, social networking systems, search systems.
One or more titles shipped on console or PC; preferably on the Xbox and/or PlayStation consoles.
Familiarity with networking systems and their components including DNS, NAT, firewalls, security methods, peer-to-peer and client server models.
Experience with online game service APIs, particularly Xbox Live, Sony NP, and Games for Windows Live.
Knowledge of Agile software development processes.